adding different heuristics (#5)
magnoxemo/cardinal: doc/content/source/userobjects/BooleanComboClusteringUserObject.md

# BooleanComboClusteringUserObject

## Description

> `BooleanComboClusteringUserObject` implements the over all mesh walking and clustering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BooleanComboClusteringUserObject` implements the overall mesh walking and clustering
```
